posts/firstpost.md, before:

---
title: This is my first post
summary: Why contemplating our mortality can be a powerful catalyst for change
date: 2015-01-01
tags:
  - tech
  - environment
  - politics
  - sport
---
Leverage agile frameworks to provide a robust synopsis for high level overviews. Iterative approaches to corporate strategy foster collaborative thinking to further the overall value proposition. Organically grow the holistic world view of disruptive innovation via workplace diversity and empowerment.

Bring to the table win-win survival strategies to ensure proactive domination. At the end of the day, going forward, a new normal that has evolved from generation X is on the runway heading towards a streamlined cloud solution. User generated content in real-time will have multiple touchpoints for offshoring.

## Section Header

Capitalize on low hanging fruit to identify a ballpark value added activity to beta test. Override the digital divide with additional clickthroughs from DevOps. Nanotechnology immersion along the information highway will close the loop on focusing solely on the bottom line.

``` text/2-3
// this is a command
function myCommand() {
	let counter = 0;
	counter++;
}
```
Organically grow the holistic world view of disruptive innovation via workplace diversity and empowerment.

Commit message:

delete sample posts, update about and home

posts/firstpost.md, after:

---
title: First Post!
summary: Too short to summarize
date: 2020-4-5
tags:
  - tech
---
I have written a number of first posts, on this, that or other blogging platform over the years.  Perhaps that is just to be expected, as I similarly started, and failed to keep up, a diary or journal. 

## Why this time is different

I picked up this domain (lifelonglearning.online) at Namecheap's Black Friday sale last year.  I think it's so appropriate for our world now in the midst of a pandemic, and afterwards.  Its what I've been doing (off and on) since I retired (with a hiatus or two for travel).

I've been getting more into the swing of things since the catechetical year ended and the lockdown for the pandemic began, trying out things on IBM cloud, and then also Google cloud following Google's Cloud Onboarding online workshop that coincided with the start of the lockdown. I haven't gotten much beyond "Hello World" on those platforms though.

On the other hand I re-experienced how easy it was to get a site up on Netlify when I did [Eric Normand's course](https://purelyfunctional.tv/courses/markdown-editor/), so I picked [one of the static site generators that work well with Netlify](https://www.11ty.dev/) and got a blog up in minutes.

So, the combination of having a lot of time to spend learning online and the reduced friction in getting results (whether its a writing project or software development) means I can keep doing this in the near future.  A good thing, because there is a mountain of technical debt that I'm chipping away at.
